README.md, before:

#Send an SMS in Java

This tutorial will walk you through building a simple Java project that uses Sinch to send an SMS. You can find the finished project on our Github at [github.com/sinch/java-sms](http://www.github.com/sinch/java-sms)

##Setup

If you don't yet have a Sinch developer account, create one at [sinch.com/signup](https://www.sinch.com/dashboard/#/signup). Use the developer dashboard to create an app (you only need to input an app name), and take note of the app key and secret. 

##Library for Base64 Encoding

You will need to download and add the commons codec library to your Eclipse project to encode your app key and secret. [http://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/download_codec.cgi](http://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/download_codec.cgi). In your project, create a **libs** folder at the same level as **src**, and move **commons-codec-1.10.jar** to this folder. Then, right-click the .jar file and click **build path --> add to build path**

##Send an SMS

Start by creating a new class - I'll name mine **Sms.java**. To keep things simple, I put the code to send an SMS in the **main** function. To make this work for you, substitute in a phone number (in [E.164 format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164)) to send the message to, your app key, and your app secret. 

	import java.io.BufferedReader;
	import java.io.IOException;
	import java.io.InputStreamReader;
	import java.io.OutputStream;
	import java.net.HttpURLConnection;
	import java.net.URL;
	import org.apache.commons.codec.binary.Base64;
	
	public class Sms {
	
		public static void main(String[] args) {
			
			try {
				String phoneNumber = "phone-number";
				String appKey = "your-app-key";
				String appSecret = "your-app-secret";
				String message = "Hello, world!";
				
		        URL url = new URL("https://messagingapi.sinch.com/v1/sms/" + phoneNumber);
		        HttpURLConnection connection = (HttpURLConnection) url.openConnection();
		        connection.setDoOutput(true);
		        connection.setRequestMethod("POST");
		        connection.setRequestProperty("Content-Type", "application/json");
		        
		        String userCredentials = "application\\" + appKey + ":" + appSecret;
		        byte[] encoded = Base64.encodeBase64(userCredentials.getBytes());
		        String basicAuth = "Basic " + new String(encoded);
		        connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", basicAuth);
		        
		        String postData = "{\"Message\":\"" + message + "\"}";
		        OutputStream os = connection.getOutputStream();
		        os.write(postData.getBytes());
		        
		        StringBuilder response = new StringBuilder();
		        BufferedReader br = new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(connection.getInputStream()));
		        
		        String line;
		        while ( (line = br.readLine()) != null)
		            response.append(line);
		        
		        br.close();
		        os.close();
		        
		        System.out.println(response.toString());
		
		    } catch (IOException e) {
		        e.printStackTrace();
		    }
			
		}
	
	}
	
That's all! Run the project, and you will see "Hello, world!" appear as an SMS to the phone number you entered. 

In addition, you can find SMS prices by country here: [sinch.com/pricing/sms-prices](https://www.sinch.com/pricing/sms-prices/)

Commit message:

Add note about sending quotes

README.md, after:

#Send an SMS in Java

This tutorial will walk you through building a simple Java project that uses Sinch to send an SMS. You can find the finished project on our Github at [github.com/sinch/java-sms-tutorial](http://www.github.com/sinch/java-sms-tutorial)

##Setup

If you don't yet have a Sinch developer account, create one at [sinch.com/signup](https://www.sinch.com/dashboard/#/signup). Use the developer dashboard to create an app (you only need to input an app name), and take note of the app key and secret. 

##Library for Base64 Encoding

You will need to download and add the commons codec library to your Eclipse project to encode your app key and secret. [http://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/download_codec.cgi](http://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/download_codec.cgi). In your project, create a **libs** folder at the same level as **src**, and move **commons-codec-1.10.jar** to this folder. Then, right-click the .jar file and click **build path --> add to build path**

##Send an SMS

Start by creating a new class - I'll name mine **Sms.java**. To keep things simple, I put the code to send an SMS in the **main** function. To make this work for you, substitute in a phone number (in [E.164 format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164)) to send the message to, your app key, and your app secret. 

	import java.io.BufferedReader;
	import java.io.IOException;
	import java.io.InputStreamReader;
	import java.io.OutputStream;
	import java.net.HttpURLConnection;
	import java.net.URL;
	import org.apache.commons.codec.binary.Base64;
	
	public class Sms {
	
		public static void main(String[] args) {
			
			try {
				String phoneNumber = "phone-number";
				String appKey = "your-app-key";
				String appSecret = "your-app-secret";
				String message = "Hello, world!";
				
		        URL url = new URL("https://messagingapi.sinch.com/v1/sms/" + phoneNumber);
		        HttpURLConnection connection = (HttpURLConnection) url.openConnection();
		        connection.setDoOutput(true);
		        connection.setRequestMethod("POST");
		        connection.setRequestProperty("Content-Type", "application/json");
		        
		        String userCredentials = "application\\" + appKey + ":" + appSecret;
		        byte[] encoded = Base64.encodeBase64(userCredentials.getBytes());
		        String basicAuth = "Basic " + new String(encoded);
		        connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", basicAuth);
		        
		        String postData = "{\"Message\":\"" + message + "\"}";
		        OutputStream os = connection.getOutputStream();
		        os.write(postData.getBytes());
		        
		        StringBuilder response = new StringBuilder();
		        BufferedReader br = new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(connection.getInputStream()));
		        
		        String line;
		        while ( (line = br.readLine()) != null)
		            response.append(line);
		        
		        br.close();
		        os.close();
		        
		        System.out.println(response.toString());
		
		    } catch (IOException e) {
		        e.printStackTrace();
		    }
			
		}
	
	}
	
That's all! Run the project, and you will see "Hello, world!" appear as an SMS to the phone number you entered. 

**Note about sending quotes in your message**: If you want to send a message like **Jordan says "hi"**, your message string will need to be `"Jordan says \\\"hi\\\""`

In addition, you can find SMS prices by country here: [sinch.com/pricing/sms-prices](https://www.sinch.com/pricing/sms-prices/)
